Update samples with new EA license and add samples for snapshot (#56)
IBM/ibm-event-automation: flink/cr-examples/flinkstatesnapshot/kubernetes/README.md

# Samples

This directory hosts samples of the `flinkstatesnapshot` custom resource.

**Note:** To utilise the samples to take snapshot, you will need to have running flink job in application cluster.

### Samples Overview

> - [application-cluster-checkpoint.yaml](application-cluster-checkpoint.yaml): Sample to take checkpoint. Mention name of the Flink Deployment resource in spec.jobReference.name to take checkpoint for the running job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [application-cluster-checkpoint.yaml](application-cluster-checkpoint.yaml): Sample to take a checkpoint. Add the  name of the Flink Deployment resource in `spec.jobReference.name` to take a checkpoint for the running job.
```
